Add Agentic Coding Tile (#25)
Ada-Developers-Academy/independent-ai-topics: agentic-coding/agentic-intro.md

- Confident-looking outputs can be wrong.
- The model has no awareness of what it shouldn't do unless that's specified in its context.
- Scope, permissions, and review processes are our responsibility, not tasks that the model enforces on its own.

This is why well-designed agentic workflows include:
- **sandboxes** - environments that limit access to files and what tools can actually do
- **guardrails** - rules embedded in the system context to help prevent malicious use
- **human review checkpoints** - moments where a person verifies the output before the next phase proceeds 

In many organizations and production environments these aren't optional; they're required structures teams use to help close the gap between statistical prediction and reliable software engineering.

### What Is an AI Agent?

At the core of any AI agent is a **large language model (LLM)**. What transforms a language model into an **agent** is the infrastructure built around it:

- **Structured context**: System instructions, project files, skill documents, and conversation history all live in the context window and shape what the model produces.

> - **Tools**: External programs the agent can call — read a file, run a command, invoke an API, execute a test suite. The model's output specifies which tool to call and with what inputs; the tool runs and returns a result.

Reviewer: It may be worth mentioning here that agents and LLMs can't actually "call" any programs or invoke APIs but uses [agent harnesses](https://parallel.ai/articles/what-is-an-agent-harness) to handle tasks that don't involve generating text.

Author: How does the suggestion below match with what you'd like to cover around agent harnesses?

- **A control loop**: Rather than generating one response and stopping, the agent runs in a cycle. It repeats until some stopping conditions are met: often, either a goal is reached or more content is not statistically likely.

> This combination is what makes an AI agent capable of multi-step, sustained work. The model itself hasn't changed, it's still doing text prediction, but the architecture around it enables us to use LLM-backed agents to complete complex tasks.

Author: ```suggestion
At the core of any AI agent is a **large language model (LLM)**. **Agent harnesses**, typically built into our IDEs, are what wraps around a model to allow us to orchestrate them as agents. These agent harnesses provide:

- **Structured context**: System instructions, project files, skill documents, are loaded into the context window by the harness alongside our conversation history and shape what the model produces.

- **Tool Access**: Reading a file, running a command, invoking an API, executing a test suite, these are all actions we can allow an agent access to through the agent harness. The model's output specifies which tool to call and with what inputs; the agent harness runs the tool and returns a result to the agent context.

- **A control loop**: Rather than generating one response and stopping, the agent harness creates an iterative cycle of response and evaluation. It repeats until some stopping conditions are met: often, either a goal is reached or more content is not statistically likely. The agent harness can also handle passing off results or instructions to other agents to continue the control loop for longer running or more complicated projects.

This combination is what makes an AI agent capable of multi-step, sustained work. The models are still doing text prediction, but the architecture around them enables us to string them together to complete complex tasks. Feel free to follow your curiosity if you'd like to learn more about what agent harnesses are available!
```

Reviewer: This suggested change looks great to me! Thank you for adding this bit of context. It's relatively minor but I think worth mentioning so students aren't confused when we state that LLMs can only generate/predict text.
